README.md, before:

# Waterloo Region Votes 

This repository is published to
https://civictechwr.github.io/WRVotesMunicipal2022

It is updated for the 2022 municipal election in Waterloo Region. 

## Contributing

Dependencies:
- Ruby
- Bundler
- Jekyll

To get started locally:
- Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/CivicTechWR/WRVotesMunicipal2022.git`
- Install gems: `bundle`
- Move into the website directory: `cd docs`
- Start the local server: `jekyll serve`

### Getting started on OSX

1. Install [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) package manager
2. Install ruby:
   ```
   brew install ruby
   ```
3. Install bundler:
   ```
   gem install bundler
   ```
4. Clone the repo:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/CivicTechWR/WRVotesMunicipal2022.git
   ```
5. Then go into the WRVotesMunicipal2022 directory, and run install the gems:
   ```
   cd WRVotesMunicipal2022
   bundle install
   ```
6. Then start the jekyll server:
   ```
   cd docs
   bundle exec jekyll server
   ```
7. You should now be able to follow the URL which is displayed and you should see the site. (N.B.: Some elements which are dependent upon the Github API may not be displayed locally.)


## How can I help?
See the 
[Issues
list](https://github.com/CivicTechWR/WRVotesMunicipal2022/issues).

This project began as an initiative of
[CivicTechWR](https://civictechwr.org) but as of this writing (Aug
2022) that group is dormant.

Commit message:

Update installation instructions and repository names
* Add missing dependency
* Add ruby version number
* Update installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Waterloo Region Votes 

This repository is published to
https://civictechwr.github.io/WRVotesFed2025

It is updated for the 2022 municipal election in Waterloo Region. 

## Contributing

Dependencies:
- Ruby
- Bundler
- Jekyll

To get started locally:
- Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/CivicTechWR/WRVotesFed2025.git`
- Navigate to the project folder: `cd WRVotesFed2025`
- Install gems: `bundle`
- Move into the website directory: `cd docs`
- Start the local server: `jekyll serve`

### Getting started on OSX

1. Install [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) package manager
2. Install ruby (version 3.1):
   ```
   brew install ruby
   ```
3. Install bundler:
   ```
   gem install bundler
   ```
4. Clone the repo:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/CivicTechWR/WRVotesFed2025.git
   ```
5. Then go into the WRVotesFed2025 directory, and run install the gems:
   ```
   cd WRVotesFed2025
   bundle install
   ```
6. Then start the jekyll server:
   ```
   cd docs
   bundle exec jekyll server
   ```
7. You should now be able to follow the URL which is displayed and you should see the site. (N.B.: Some elements which are dependent upon the Github API may not be displayed locally.)


## How can I help?
See the 
[Issues
list](https://github.com/CivicTechWR/WRVotesFed2025/issues).
